# October 2022 Committee Meeting

#### When: Monday, October 10th at 7:45PM
#### Where: 96th Street Panera (8510 E 96th St Suite A, Fishers, IN 46038)


## Agenda
* Follow up, any open actions from last meeting

* Pack Roles
    * Treasurer
    * Advancement - Job involves looking in scout book at new scout achievements, picking up awards from the scout shop, sorting/labeling for pack meeting hand out
    * Membership - Help with enrollment / signup /etc
    * Fundraising/Popcorn Col.
    * Pinewood Derby - Shawn will manage and cross train 
    * Blue Gold Dinner - Winter event where we celebrate our Arrow of Light (AOL) recipients
    * Annual Shirt Orders
    * Web Team / Social / Email - Editing web forms, sending out info on social media, email communication
    * Secretary - Take meeting minutes/send out, manage scoutbook events/notifications
    * Summer Camp Chair - Kristin L.
    * Outdoor Event Chair - Planning Campouts and other outdoor activities

* Popcorn
  * Updates, any surplus we need to deal with?
  
* Police and Fire Tour - October 12th
  * 10 spots left, Signup is at https://forms.gle/hFx47U8u8i4iQ9nb9
  * Anyone report issues to sound/light or social media? 

* Den Reports
  * Everyone get meetings started? Any barriers

* October Pack Meeting
  * 10/27 at FUMC
  * Shawn will reach out to confirm room at FUMC
  * Scoutbook event is already created
  * What else do we need?

* Fall Campout - 10/28
  * Date and Location locked - Camp Belzer
    * We have cabin access, its going to be close and convinient - does it get any better!
      * 2 cabins w/3 rooms each || 6 available rooms - 1 per family with 8 bunked beds in a room
      * Need to perserve family privacy per cabin
  * Food Plan
    * (can/should we have den 1 plan that Wed before for their Cast Iron Chef requirement?) - just a thought
    * Friday night / Saturday Breakfast
      * Campfire snack and BYO Dinner suggested 

* Scoutbook Issues
  * Monica outlined some ongoing problems she has been having with her account and training credit
  * Anyone else having issues, what gaps do we need to close?
    * COR incorrect? 
  * Shawn will take on working with council

* November Pack Meeting
  * Toys for Tots?, should we queue up a contact

* Movie Party at Fellowship hall
  * Shawn has everything to run this event

## Actions
* Shawn - Make sure FUMC has us booked for 10/27
* Shawn - work with Council on scoutbook anomalies
